---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Privacy Policy"
modified: 2025-01-01
---

{% include base_path %}
{% include toc %}

## Privacy Policy

Here, it is explained how your data is handled in compliance with the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (Swiss DPA), which came into force on 1 September 2023, as well as the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

This privacy policy explains the type, scope, and purpose of the collection and use of personal data on our website christianzihlmann.com and christianzihlmann.github.io (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”) by Christian Zihlmann (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) and informs you about your rights. These rights are based on applicable data protection laws.

1) Data Controller

The controller responsible for data processing on this website and the point of contact for data protection matters is:
Christian Zihlmann
christian.zihlmann [at] bfh.ch

2) Data Collection on This Website

2.1) Log Files

Our website is hosted by GitHub (github.com).
To optimize and maintain our website, we log technical errors that may occur during access. Additionally, the following information is automatically collected by the browser of your device and sent to our hosting provider: IP address and operating system of your device, Browser type, version, and language, Date and time of the server request, Accessed file, The website from which the access occurred (referrer URL), Status code (e.g., 404), Protocol used (e.g., HTTP/2).

These data are collected and stored by our hosting provider to optimize processes, particularly regarding the use of our website and the stability and security of the computer system. Further information can be found in the privacy policy of GitHub at https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages.
If the GDPR applies, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.


2.2)  Cookies

We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small files stored on your device by your browser. Some of the cookies we use are automatically deleted when you leave our website. Others remain stored on your device until you delete them or they expire. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser during subsequent visits.

In your browser settings, you can configure how cookies are handled, including receiving notifications about cookie placement, deciding on a case-by-case basis, or blocking cookies entirely. Note that blocking cookies may restrict website functionality.
Cookies necessary for electronic communication, requested features, or optimizing user experience are stored—if the GDPR applies—on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.

3) Links

Our website may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the content or data protection measures on external websites accessed via these links. Please review the privacy policies of those websites.

4) Disclosure of Data to Third Parties

To provide the information on our website, we work with various service providers, such as IT service providers, to offer a modern website. These providers process your data only as part of their contractual obligations to us.
Except as specified in Section 5 of this privacy policy, we only transfer data to parties outside Switzerland and the European Union (third countries) without your consent if required by the respective contract, to fulfill legal obligations, or to protect our legitimate interests.

5) External Services

We use various third-party services on our website. Below, we detail the services used, their purpose, and the data collected. The integration of external services can be sensitive under current European law. The transfer of personal data to external providers (e.g., analytics, advertising, CDN, fonts, videos, etc.) should be analyzed on a case-by-case basis.

5.1) Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," which are text files stored on your computer that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address, which is anonymized before storage using the _anonymizeIp() method so that it cannot be linked to a specific connection) is transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there.

The following data is collected: Address and title of the visited page or downloaded files; Screen resolution; Browser type, version, and window size; Color depth; Browser language; Whether the Java plugin is enabled; Flash version; Information about the source (referrer).
This list may be expanded by Google and reflects only the current understanding of the analysis.

Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity for the website operator, and provide other services related to website and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process the data on behalf of Google.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google under any circumstances.

You can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser software settings. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website fully.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.

6) Your Rights

As provided by applicable data protection laws, you may request information about the personal data stored about you, its origin, recipients, and the purpose of the data processing. You may also have the right to rectification, deletion, restriction, or objection to processing, as well as the right to data portability if the GDPR applies.
You can revoke any consent you have given with future effect by sending us a simple email.

Please note that these rights may be subject to legal restrictions and may affect or prevent the provision of our services.

You have the right to enforce your claims in court or to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority. For Switzerland, the relevant authority is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (http://www.edoeb.admin.ch).

7) Updates and Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may change or adjust this privacy policy at any time. The current privacy policy can be accessed at christianzihlmann.com.